README.md, before:

![Version](https://img.shields.io/badge/Release-v1.2.5-green.svg?style=flat) ![Widgetkit](https://img.shields.io/badge/Widgetkit-v2.4.x+-green.svg?style=flat) ![Joomla](https://img.shields.io/badge/Joomla!-v3.4.x+-yellow.svg?style=flat) ![Wordpress](https://img.shields.io/badge/Wordpress-v4.4.x+-yellow.svg?style=flat) ![PHP7](https://img.shields.io/badge/PHP7-compatible-blue.svg?style=flat) ![YoothemePro](https://img.shields.io/badge/YoothemePro-compatible-blue.svg?style=flat)

![PopoverEx widget logo](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/wiki/rvalitov/widgetkit-popover-ex/images/logo.png)

# Overview
**PopoverEx** is an advanced Popover widget for [Yootheme Widgetkit2](https://yootheme.com/widgetkit). After installation it becomes available in the Widgets list as a "native" widget and can be used as any other widget. The widget allows to position each item through coordinates on top of a main image and display content inside a dropdown.

## Features
### Basic Features
* **Collection of toggle icons** - you can choose a toggle icon from the predefined list.
* **Hover/Click behavior** - you can select how the widget will respond: the dropdown can be displayed when the user moves their mouse over the icon or when they click it.
* **Panel styles** - different panel styles for the dropdown.
* **Compatible with Yootheme Pro** - you can use this widget with [Yootheme Pro](https://yootheme.com/pro/).
* **Backward compatibility** - all other behavior, styling and features of the original [Popover widget](http://yootheme.com/demo/widgetkit/joomla/index.php/home/popover) are preserved.

### Unique Features
The new features that the PopoverEx has and that are not available in the original Popover widget:

* **Custom Default Toggle Icon** - a custom icon can be set very easy from the control panel.
* **Responsive Toggle Icon** - you can setup the size and resize behavior of the icon.
* **Unique Icons for Every Item** - you can setup individual unique icons for any element.
* **Opacity control** - you can define the transparency level of the icons.
* **Tooltips for all options** - it's much easier to use the widget, because tooltips are available for all settings.
* **Update notifications** - you will be notified if new versions of the widget are available.
* **Multilingual interface**, translated into languages:
	* **English** (en_GB)
	* **Русский** (ru_RU)
	* **Deutsch** (de_DE)
	* Your language not listed? You can help with translation, [read more](https://github.com/rvalitov/widgetkit-popover-ex/wiki/Translation-issues).

# Supported platforms
* The core code is based on Widgetkit 2.5.2 and was updated since accordingly. This widget should work with any Widgetkit 2.4.x and later. Tested on Widgetkit 2.5.x, 2.6.x, 2.7.x, 2.8.x, 2.9.x.
* PHP5 and PHP7 compatible
* Joomla 3.4.x or later required
* Wordpress 4.4.x or later

**Read full system requirements [here](https://github.com/rvalitov/widgetkit-popover-ex/wiki/System-requirements).** 

# How to install?
The installation procedure is described [here](https://github.com/rvalitov/widgetkit-popover-ex/wiki/How-to-install).

# The manual
Some issues about using the widget are available in the [Wiki area](https://github.com/rvalitov/widgetkit-popover-ex/wiki).

# Authors, Contributors and Acknowledgment
* This widget is created by [Ramil Valitov](http://www.valitov.me).
* The code is based on the original [Popover widget](http://yootheme.com/demo/widgetkit/joomla/index.php/home/popover) by [Yootheme](http://yootheme.com/).
* Logo is based on [Tango Icon Library](https://www.iconfinder.com/iconsets/tango-icon-library)
* The default toggle icon is created by [Icons Land](https://www.iconfinder.com/iconsets/softwaredemo)
* Thanks to [Marco Rensch](https://github.com/marcorensch) for translation to German language.

## Disclaimer
This project is NOT affiliated with, endorsed, or sponsored by the Yootheme. Widgetkit, its name, trademark, and other aspects of the app are trademarked and owned by their respective owners.

# Feedback
Your feedback is very appreciated. If you want to see new features in this module, please, post your ideas and feature requests in the [issue tracker](https://github.com/rvalitov/widgetkit-popover-ex/issues).

# Donations
This is a free project that I do in my spare time. If you find it useful, then you can support it by donating some amount of money. This will help to keep the project alive and making it better: develop new features, make new releases, fix bugs, update the [manuals](https://github.com/rvalitov/widgetkit-popover-ex/wiki), and provide at least some minimal technical support (there's an [issue tracker here](https://github.com/rvalitov/widgetkit-popover-ex/issues)).

You can choose any payment method you prefer:

Your Currency | Payment Method
------------ | -------------
Euro € | [![Card](https://img.shields.io/badge/EURO-Debit/Credit%20Card-6f202b.svg?style=flat)](https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_s-xclick&hosted_button_id=BJJF3E6DBRYHA) [![PayPal](https://img.shields.io/badge/EURO-PayPal-blue.svg?style=flat)](https://www.paypal.me/valitov/0eur) 
USD $ | [![Card](https://img.shields.io/badge/USD-Debit/Credit%20Card-6f202b.svg?style=flat)](https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_s-xclick&hosted_button_id=B8VMNU7SEAU8J) [![PayPal](https://img.shields.io/badge/USD-PayPal-blue.svg?style=flat)](https://www.paypal.me/valitov/0usd) 
Russian Ruble ₽ | [![Card](https://img.shields.io/badge/RUB-Debit/Credit%20Card-6f202b.svg?style=flat)](https://money.yandex.ru/to/410011424143476) [![PayPal](https://img.shields.io/badge/RUB-PayPal-blue.svg?style=flat)](https://www.paypal.me/valitov/0rub) [![YandexMoney](https://img.shields.io/badge/RUB-YandexMoney-5b0d56.svg?style=flat)](https://money.yandex.ru/to/410011424143476)
Other | [![Card](https://img.shields.io/badge/OTHER-Debit/Credit%20Card-6f202b.svg?style=flat)](https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_s-xclick&hosted_button_id=BJJF3E6DBRYHA) [![PayPal](https://img.shields.io/badge/OTHER-PayPal-blue.svg?style=flat)](https://www.paypal.me/valitov)

# Support or Contact
Having trouble with PopoverEx Widget? May be something has already been described in the [Wiki area](https://github.com/rvalitov/widgetkit-popover-ex/wiki) or reported in the [issue tracker](https://github.com/rvalitov/widgetkit-popover-ex/issues). If you don't find your problem there, then, please, add your issue there. 

Being a free project which I do in my spare time, I hope you understand that I can't offer 24/7 support:) You may contact me via e-mail ramilvalitov@gmail.com, I will try to answer to all of them (if such messages imply an answer), however, not immediately, it may take a few days or a week... so, just be patient. 

Note, that I can answer only to questions and problems directly related to this widget. Answers to basic questions about the widgetkit nature and simple help about how to use widgets in general or how to use Joomla you can find in appropriate forums:

* [Joomla](http://forum.joomla.org/)
* [Widgetkits](https://yootheme.com/support)

Commit message:

[add] info about Widgetkit 3 support

README.md, after:

![Version](https://img.shields.io/badge/Release-v1.2.5-green.svg?style=flat) ![Widgetkit](https://img.shields.io/badge/Widgetkit-v2.4.x+-green.svg?style=flat) ![Widgetkit 3](https://img.shields.io/badge/Widgetkit_3-not_supported-red.svg?style=flat) ![Joomla](https://img.shields.io/badge/Joomla!-v3.4.x+-yellow.svg?style=flat) ![Wordpress](https://img.shields.io/badge/Wordpress-v4.4.x+-yellow.svg?style=flat) ![PHP7](https://img.shields.io/badge/PHP7-compatible-blue.svg?style=flat) ![YoothemePro](https://img.shields.io/badge/YoothemePro-compatible-blue.svg?style=flat)

![PopoverEx widget logo](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/wiki/rvalitov/widgetkit-popover-ex/images/logo.png)

# Overview
**PopoverEx** is an advanced Popover widget for [Yootheme Widgetkit2](https://yootheme.com/widgetkit). After installation it becomes available in the Widgets list as a "native" widget and can be used as any other widget. The widget allows to position each item through coordinates on top of a main image and display content inside a dropdown.

__Notice about Widgetkit 3 and status of this project__: Yootheme [announced](https://yootheme.com/blog/2021/01/26/widgetkit-3.0-completely-rebuilt-with-uikit-3) a third version of Widgetkit on January 26th, 2021.
I received reports that after upgrade to Widgetkit 3 my widgets do not work properly.
I'm very sorry that I currently not able to devote my time to this project to develop it further.
In its current state it's "bug free" and works with Widgetkit 2 and Joomla 3.
Currently, I don't have plans to add support for Widgetkit 3 or add any other serious improvements.
This project has been my pet project that I was doing in my free time, and I've been happy to share it for free with the community.
As I stopped using Widgetkit in my own websites, I lost motivation in further updates to this project.
I'm happy if my work and widgets were of any help or use in your websites!

## Features
### Basic Features
* **Collection of toggle icons** - you can choose a toggle icon from the predefined list.
* **Hover/Click behavior** - you can select how the widget will respond: the dropdown can be displayed when the user moves their mouse over the icon or when they click it.
* **Panel styles** - different panel styles for the dropdown.
* **Compatible with Yootheme Pro** - you can use this widget with [Yootheme Pro](https://yootheme.com/pro/).
* **Backward compatibility** - all other behavior, styling and features of the original [Popover widget](http://yootheme.com/demo/widgetkit/joomla/index.php/home/popover) are preserved.

### Unique Features
The new features that the PopoverEx has and that are not available in the original Popover widget:

* **Custom Default Toggle Icon** - a custom icon can be set very easy from the control panel.
* **Responsive Toggle Icon** - you can setup the size and resize behavior of the icon.
* **Unique Icons for Every Item** - you can setup individual unique icons for any element.
* **Opacity control** - you can define the transparency level of the icons.
* **Tooltips for all options** - it's much easier to use the widget, because tooltips are available for all settings.
* **Update notifications** - you will be notified if new versions of the widget are available.
* **Multilingual interface**, translated into languages:
	* **English** (en_GB)
	* **Русский** (ru_RU)
	* **Deutsch** (de_DE)
	* Your language not listed? You can help with translation, [read more](https://github.com/rvalitov/widgetkit-popover-ex/wiki/Translation-issues).

# Supported platforms
* The core code is based on Widgetkit 2.5.2 and was updated since accordingly. This widget should work with any Widgetkit 2.4.x and later. Tested on Widgetkit 2.5.x, 2.6.x, 2.7.x, 2.8.x, 2.9.x.
* PHP5 and PHP7 compatible
* Joomla 3.4.x or later required
* Wordpress 4.4.x or later

**Read full system requirements [here](https://github.com/rvalitov/widgetkit-popover-ex/wiki/System-requirements).** 

# How to install?
The installation procedure is described [here](https://github.com/rvalitov/widgetkit-popover-ex/wiki/How-to-install).

# The manual
Some issues about using the widget are available in the [Wiki area](https://github.com/rvalitov/widgetkit-popover-ex/wiki).

# Authors, Contributors and Acknowledgment
* This widget is created by [Ramil Valitov](http://www.valitov.me).
* The code is based on the original [Popover widget](http://yootheme.com/demo/widgetkit/joomla/index.php/home/popover) by [Yootheme](http://yootheme.com/).
* Logo is based on [Tango Icon Library](https://www.iconfinder.com/iconsets/tango-icon-library)
* The default toggle icon is created by [Icons Land](https://www.iconfinder.com/iconsets/softwaredemo)
* Thanks to [Marco Rensch](https://github.com/marcorensch) for translation to German language.

## Disclaimer
This project is NOT affiliated with, endorsed, or sponsored by the Yootheme. Widgetkit, its name, trademark, and other aspects of the app are trademarked and owned by their respective owners.

# Feedback
Your feedback is very appreciated. If you want to see new features in this module, please, post your ideas and feature requests in the [issue tracker](https://github.com/rvalitov/widgetkit-popover-ex/issues).

# Donations
This is a free project that I do in my spare time. If you find it useful, then you can support it by donating some amount of money. This will help to keep the project alive and making it better: develop new features, make new releases, fix bugs, update the [manuals](https://github.com/rvalitov/widgetkit-popover-ex/wiki), and provide at least some minimal technical support (there's an [issue tracker here](https://github.com/rvalitov/widgetkit-popover-ex/issues)).

You can choose any payment method you prefer:

Your Currency | Payment Method
------------ | -------------
Euro € | [![Card](https://img.shields.io/badge/EURO-Debit/Credit%20Card-6f202b.svg?style=flat)](https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_s-xclick&hosted_button_id=BJJF3E6DBRYHA) [![PayPal](https://img.shields.io/badge/EURO-PayPal-blue.svg?style=flat)](https://www.paypal.me/valitov/0eur) 
USD $ | [![Card](https://img.shields.io/badge/USD-Debit/Credit%20Card-6f202b.svg?style=flat)](https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_s-xclick&hosted_button_id=B8VMNU7SEAU8J) [![PayPal](https://img.shields.io/badge/USD-PayPal-blue.svg?style=flat)](https://www.paypal.me/valitov/0usd) 
Russian Ruble ₽ | [![Card](https://img.shields.io/badge/RUB-Debit/Credit%20Card-6f202b.svg?style=flat)](https://money.yandex.ru/to/410011424143476) [![PayPal](https://img.shields.io/badge/RUB-PayPal-blue.svg?style=flat)](https://www.paypal.me/valitov/0rub) [![YandexMoney](https://img.shields.io/badge/RUB-YandexMoney-5b0d56.svg?style=flat)](https://money.yandex.ru/to/410011424143476)
Other | [![Card](https://img.shields.io/badge/OTHER-Debit/Credit%20Card-6f202b.svg?style=flat)](https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_s-xclick&hosted_button_id=BJJF3E6DBRYHA) [![PayPal](https://img.shields.io/badge/OTHER-PayPal-blue.svg?style=flat)](https://www.paypal.me/valitov)

# Support or Contact
Having trouble with PopoverEx Widget? May be something has already been described in the [Wiki area](https://github.com/rvalitov/widgetkit-popover-ex/wiki) or reported in the [issue tracker](https://github.com/rvalitov/widgetkit-popover-ex/issues). If you don't find your problem there, then, please, add your issue there. 

Being a free project which I do in my spare time, I hope you understand that I can't offer 24/7 support:) You may contact me via e-mail ramilvalitov@gmail.com, I will try to answer to all of them (if such messages imply an answer), however, not immediately, it may take a few days or a week... so, just be patient. 

Note, that I can answer only to questions and problems directly related to this widget. Answers to basic questions about the widgetkit nature and simple help about how to use widgets in general or how to use Joomla you can find in appropriate forums:

* [Joomla](http://forum.joomla.org/)
* [Widgetkits](https://yootheme.com/support)
